Merge releases/2024/3 into master (#720)
openvinotoolkit/openvino.genai: src/README.md

## Install OpenVINO™ GenAI

> **NOTE**: Please make sure that you are following the versions compatibility rules, refer to the [OpenVINO™ GenAI Dependencies](#openvino-genai-dependencies) for more information.

The OpenVINO™ GenAI flavor is available for installation via Archive and PyPI distributions.
To install OpenVINO™ GenAI, refer to the [Install Guide](https://docs.openvino.ai/2024/get-started/install-openvino.html).

> To build OpenVINO™ GenAI library from source, refer to the [Build Instructions](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino.genai/tree/releases/2024/3/src/docs/BUILD.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build OpenVINO™ GenAI library from source, refer to the [Build Instructions](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino.genai/tree/master/src/docs/BUILD.md).
```

Let's update all other repo links pointing to master instead of release branch

Author: The hope was that docs will be built based on that. That didn't happen. Changed to relative paths

### OpenVINO™ GenAI Dependencies

OpenVINO™ GenAI depends on [OpenVINO](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino) and [OpenVINO Tokenizers](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino_tokenizers).

When installing OpenVINO™ GenAI from PyPi, the same versions of OpenVINO and OpenVINO Tokenizers are used (e.g. `openvino==2024.3.0` and `openvino-tokenizers==2024.3.0.0` are installed for `openvino-genai==2024.3.0`).

> If you update one of the dependency packages (e.g. install `openvino-nightly`), versions might be incompatible due to different ABI and running OpenVINO GenAI can result in errors (e.g. `ImportError: libopenvino.so.2440: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory`).

Reviewer 2: - Different versions are mentioned here - 2024.3 and 2440
- Can we avoid mentioning openvino-nightly ? We recommend nightly package with the same name `openvino` via extra-index-url

Author: Corrected
